DOCSP 25032 Delete Diagrams (#84)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/diagrams/manage-diagrams/delete-diagrams.txt

.. _rm-delete-diagrams:

================
Delete a Diagram
================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

> You can delete diagrams on the :guilabel:`Mapping` screen of Relational

Reviewer: [suggestion] We're in the RM docs, so I don't think we have to specify this.

```suggestion
You can delete diagrams on the :guilabel:`Mapping` screen.
```

Author: Done!

> Migrator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Done!

   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

You can delete diagrams on the :guilabel:`Mapping` tab of Relational
Migrator. 

About this Task 
---------------

> - You must have at least two diagrams before you can delete a diagram

Reviewer: [suggestion] I'd reverse the order here for clarity. Also, there's no need for a single item to be in an unordered list. 

"Relational Migrator requires at least one diagram in your project. You must have at least two diagrams before you can delete one diagram."

Author: Done!

  because Relational Migrator requires at least one diagram in your project.

Steps 
-----

.. procedure::
   :style:  connected

   .. step:: Navigate to the diagram you want to delete

      Click the name of the diagram in the ribbon tab to display the
      diagram. 

   .. step:: Open the :guilabel:`Diagram Properties` pane

>       Click the :icon-fa5:`chevron-circle-right` arrow button on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Click the :icon-fa5:`chevron-circle-right` arrow button
```

Author: Done!

>       right of your window to open the :guilabel:`Diagram

Author: Done!

      Properties` pane. 

      .. image:: /img/diagrams/diagram_properties.png
         :alt: Diagram Properties pane

      The :guilabel:`Diagram Properties` pane displays the active diagram name and
      notes. 

>    .. step:: Click the :icon-fa5:`ellipsis-h` ellipsis button in the :guilabel:`Diagram Properties` pane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. step:: Click the :icon-fa5:`ellipsis-h` button in the :guilabel:`Diagram Properties` pane
```

Author: Done!

>       This opens a menu of diagram options. 

Author: Done!

      .. image:: /img/diagrams/diagram-options.png
         :alt: Diagram Properties Options menu

   .. step:: Click the :guilabel:`Delete Diagram` option

>       This opens a confirmation box.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A confirmation box opens.  
```

Author: Done!

   .. step:: Click the :guilabel:`Delete Diagram` button in the confirmation box. 

      Once you confirm that you want to delete the selected diagram,

>       Relational Migrator deletes the diagram. This step can not be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Relational Migrator deletes the diagram. This step cannot be
```

Author: Done!

      undone. 

> 

Reviewer: I think there's too much space here.

Author: Fixed!
